restructuring documentation and updating information (#213)
jupyterhub/binder: doc/about/user-guidelines.md

# `mybinder.org` Usage Guidelines

This page details some guidelines and policies that we follow at ``mybinder.org``.

:::{admonition,warning} When in doubt, open an issue
If you're not sure whether your use-case is reasonable for `mybinder.org`, don't

> hesitate to [open an issue](https://github.com/jupyterhub/mybinder.org-deploy/issues/new?labels=impact&template=request_resources.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
hesitate to [open an issue](https://github.com/jupyterhub/mybinder.org-deploy/issues/new?labels=question&template=ban_check.md)
```

Maybe the issue template to check if a repo meets the requirements is more appropriate here?

Author: I think this is a better template, but we should call it something other than `ban-check.md`. that will sound hostile to people that are just checking in on whether they have an OK use-case.

Author: see https://github.com/jupyterhub/mybinder.org-deploy/pull/1651 @sgibson91 WDYT?

Reviewer: Agreed. I'd clearly thought a bit about it since I gave it the title "repo check" but hadn't worked that idea all the way through 😂

* The issue stays open until the ban is lifted

If you are temporarily banned, contact us on the
[Gitter Channel](https://gitter.im/jupyterhub/binder) or
[Open an Issue](https://github.com/jupyterhub/mybinder.org-deploy/issues) to discuss
how to un-ban the repository.

## Running events with `mybinder.org`

If you'd like to run an event with `mybinder.org` and expect more than 50 users
to join at once, please [request an increase in quota for your repository](https://github.com/jupyterhub/mybinder.org-deploy/issues/new?labels=impact&template=request_resources.md).

The Binder Team occasionally increases the number of sessions that can run for a single repository if it is being used for purposes that align with the mission of the Binder Project. However, there is no guarantee that this will be done for your event.

## Maximum Concurrent Users for a Repository

We don't want a single repository to dominate all of the traffic to Binder, so
we've set a maximum limit of concurrent user sessions that point to the same
Binder link. **The maximum number of simultaneous users for a given repo is 100**.
If you think you have a *really* good reason for why this number should be

> higher, please [Open an Issue](https://github.com/jupyterhub/mybinder.org-deploy/issues).

Reviewer 2: Should we link to the same issue template as in the previous question? We'd want a lot of the same information as in the event case but the goal would be a permanent increase in quota.

Maybe we can get around having two templates or having to explain the difference between a temporary increase and a permanent one by rewording this question to be just about "what is the limit?" with an instruction to follow the link to the previous question if you want an increase. I think I like this idea because it has never happened that someone wanted a permanent increase (those all came through informal channels)

to discuss with the community!

> ## Maximum Concurrent Users for a Service

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Using mybinder.org as backend for your service

Please do not use mybinder.org as backend for your for-profit service or product.

The cloud resources consumed by mybinder.org are funded through donations or grants. Because
of this we can not subsidise for-profit products or services by offering free cloud resources to them.
This means we will prevent you from using mybinder.org as a service for your product.

Operating mybinder.org relies on the good will of volunteers and organisations to obtain the
resources required to do so. This is easier if we are not seen as supporting for-profit services
that are not a net contributor to the service.
```

What do you think of this? I thought that the new title was easier to find for someone thinking about providing a service based on mybinder.org. I think this also has a simpler message ("don't do it") instead of going into details of when/if/how you might run into trouble. I think the general principle is "don't do it" which is what readers should care about. This is because we might fix the load issues related to builds which might make you think it is now Ok because we said "builds cause trouble so we stop you". Whereas in reality it remains not Ok because the general rule is "don't do it'.

(this suggestion should probably replace all of this FAQ item)

Author: I think this is a reasonable explanation - I guess my main question is how we'd differentiate between "spacy-style backends" and "jovian.ml-style backends"? Is the decision question "do you directly make profit from running the service that Binder is powering for you?"

You may be considering using `mybinder.org` as a part of your service or product.

> Think that is great, and encourage people to experiment with using Binder technology

Reviewer 2: Missing words at the start of the sentence?
